yeah they say slow and steady wins the
race sabi winning even if it takes me
days diced pineapples maybe tell me how
it tastes vibe out the up into space day
telling me days are my flow break bad
los Pollos hermanos hole bro far my nose
broke walling up in a piquant Oh
snowboarding grabbed me but still sneak
to run although bitch who you try to
fool doubt my girl be lighting that's my
your bitch be looking like food all
doubt look looks like a BLT I'm gonna be
up there like that pinky sipping that
royalty switch it blows up like them
home sees her stretch of details again
third degree so much class i'll be
talking even close to green ain't
chocolate cheese you can take your girl
hop off my piece towards five home
looking like police scores telling you
you need to get deceased may be kind of
looking like she saw a piece you get
across I like you can't see me rocking
the bee stung like a mom for buzzing
these streets quit walking and my
footsteps all you do is see defeat and
this one's for myself I kill it just
because some take notes find everything
that you do wrong
the move can I tell the truth if I was
doing this view and I have nothing left
bruna this foolio I'm just trying to
stay alive and take care of my dad
O'Loughlin trophy shop they don't got no
warfare shit don't come with trophies
ain't no level of stop and I just do it
cuz I'm starts to cry
start
sup y'all I saw him a TV crypt is my
house it has had hung up on open door
for me his name is on Jimbo yeah man
she's good she should get some tests
like you so need you